Update 07.pathogenesis.md (#724)
greenelab/covid19-review: content/07.pathogenesis.md

### Fundamental Viral Pathogenesis

> As discussed above, the virus genomic sequence clusters with known coronaviruses (order *Nidovirales*, family *Coronaviridae*, subfamily *Orthocoronavirinae*).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As discussed above, the viral genomic sequence clusters with known coronaviruses (order *Nidovirales*, family *Coronaviridae*, subfamily *Orthocoronavirinae*).
```

Hyperactivity of the pro-inflammatory response due to lung infection is commonly associated with acute lung injury and more rarely with the more severe manifestation, ARDS [@doi:10.1128/MMBR.05015-11].
The heightened inflammatory response in the lungs can also serve as a source for systemic inflammation, or sepsis, which can lead to multi-organ failure [@doi:10.1128/MMBR.05015-11].
The shift from local to systemic inflammation is a phenomenon often referred to broadly as a cytokine storm [@doi:10.1128/MMBR.05015-11] or, more precisely, as cytokine release syndrome (CRS) [@doi:10.1186/s40425-018-0343-9].

> Sepsis is a known possible complication of pneumonia, and in an analysis of over 1400 US pneumonia patients, IL-6, tumor necrosis factor (TNF), and IL-10; were found to be elevated at intake in patients who developed severe sepsis and/or ultimately deceased [@doi:10.1001/archinte.167.15.1655].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sepsis is a known possible complication of pneumonia, and in an analysis of over 1,400 US pneumonia patients, IL-6, tumor necrosis factor (TNF), and IL-10; were found to be elevated at intake in patients who developed severe sepsis and/or ultimately deceased [@doi:10.1001/archinte.167.15.1655].
```
